Nazi Lowriders are a criminal syndicate and a Lowrider Car Club based in [[Southern California]]. Nazi Lowriders are also known collectively as '''The NLR''' and are also collectively known as '''The Ride''' of Nazi Lowriders.

====Origins====
Nazi Lowriders were formed in Kern County, Southern California and in Los Angeles County, Southern California in the late 1960s as a gang of members who owned [[Chevy]] [[Lowrider]] vehicles with origins in the Southern California [[Lowrider]] Car Culture. The name of the gang was originally a play on words as the gang overcame rival Hispanic Lowrider gangs in Southern California and rival Hispanic street gangs in Southern California because Non-Hispanic White gangs did not actually exist in Southern California from the 1950s to the 1970s. Nazi Lowriders formed their own Prison Gang in Southern California in the 1980s and later they formed a small alliance with a few Aryan Brotherhood members of Southern California.

===Origins In The Southern California Hispanic Lowrider Car Culture===
The phrase Nazi Lowrider was a phrase coined by the founder of this Car Club as members went to war with [[Crips]], [[Bloods]] throughout the 1970s and 1980s and later the Cripp Car Club known as the Druids Car Club all throughout the 1990s. Many of the original Cripps were part Hispanic and or mixed with [[Hispanic]] and [[African]] heritage, hence the phrase: Nazi Lowrider. The Cripps later formed more alliances with the Latin-American community. The word [[Latino]] and [[Latina]] refer to people with Latin-American heritage. Latin-American countries are all of the countries that are south of the country of [[Mexico]]. While Mexicans can be considered Hispanic because they speak the language of Spanish not all Mexicans have origins from Mexico.

===Unique Contributions To The Lowrider Car Culture of Southern California===
Nazi Lowriders contributed significant advancements to the Lowrider Car Culture of Southern California most notably the extended suspension engineering schemes.

===Membership Requirements===
Nazi Lowriders required members to prove specific and rare Hispanic heritage, but no [[Latin American]] heritage, no [[Negroid]] heritage and no [[Mestizo]] heritage. People with any Latin-American heritage were not allowed membership in the Nazi Lowrider Car Club or the Nazi Lowrider Prison Gang. Nazi Lowriders also required members to own a specific [[Chevy]] [[Vehicle]] with or without [[hydraulics]]. Lowrider Chevy vehicles were required in order to beat all of the street-level gangs without vehicles as well as beat all of the rival Lowrider gangs. Members were also required to own a gun so that member could engage in drive by shootings on their enemies from the lowrider vehicle. Hydraulics were later necessary in order to beat all of the enemies that hid in motels and hotels in Southern California as well as to tactically defend against gun fire from enemy gangs. Chevy vehicles that were manufactured in the 1960s to the late 1970s had extremely tough metals where .22 caliber and .40 caliber rounds would not penetrate.

===Differences In Hispanic Groups===
* The word [[Hispanic]] refers to all of the people with provable heritage from the world of [[Hispania]]
* The phrase [[Latin American]] refers to people with provable heritage from Latin American countries
* The words [[Chicano]] and [[Chicana]] refers to people with that specific Mexican-Hispanic ethnic identity
* The words [[Tejano]] and [[Tejana]] refers to people with provable heritage from the areas known as Texas before it was declared the U.S. State of [[Texas]].
* The words [[Tijuanos]] and [[Tijuanas]] refers to people with provable heritage from the areas known as Tijuana is present-day México.
* The words [[Méxicano]] and [[Méxicana]] refers to people with provable heritage from the country of Mexico who are first generation Americans of the continental United States.
* The words [[Americano]] and [[Americana]] refers to people with provable heritage from any American Country being the entire American Continent.
* The phrase [[White Hispanic]] refer to people with provable heritage from the country of [[Spain]] where the language of Spanish comes from.
* The phrase [[Hispanic White]] refer to people with provable heritage of American [[Indigenous]] origins and possibly with White Hispanic origins who appear Non-Hispanic White.
* The phrase [[Non-Hispanic White]] refer to people with provable heritage from [[Western-Europe]] who have no heritage from [[Spain]] and who also have no heritage from Eastern-Europe.
* The phrase [[Non-Latino White]] refer to people with provable heritage from [[Western-Europe]] who also have no heritage from any Latin-American country.
* The word [[Mestizo]] refer to people with provable mixed heritage of [[American Indigenous]] of the areas of what is now known as México and [[Negroid]].
* The word [[Pustizo]] refer to people with provable heritage of [[American Indigenous]] of the areas of what is now known as México with no [[Negroid]].
* The word [[Mulatto]] refer to people with provable heritage of mixed [[Non-Hispanic White European]] and or [[Hispanic White European]] and African / Negroid ancestry.

====Street Wars====
* [ ~ 1980 - 2005 ] Nazi Lowriders Versus Cripps
* [ ~ 1980 - Present-Day ] Nazi Lowriders Versus Bloods
* [ ~ 1980 - ? ] Sinaloa Cartel of Southern California
* [ ~ 1997 - 2002 ] Nazi Lowriders Versus Tijuana Mexican Cartel

===Nazilowriders Versus Tijuana Mexican Cartel===
The son of one of the founders of the Nazilowrider Car Club was drugged and molested repeatedly by a hispanic female member of the Cripps who also had membership in the Tijuana Mexican Cartel in 1997.
This started a war between the Nazilowriders and the Tijuana Cartel where that son was ordered to stab a Tijuana Cartel Plaza Boss who lived on the border of San Diego, Southern California and Tijuana, México

===Banishment of Lowriders===
In the 1990s and the 2000s Kern County as well as different cities in Los Angeles County banned Lowriders with hydraulics because the lowrider gangs could easily beat all of the law enforcement and the military everywhere with them.

====Current and Former Alliances====
* [[Sureños]] and [[Sureñas]] of California
* [[Vagos]] and [[Vagas]] Motorcycle Clubs of California

====Rivals====

====Enemies====

====Truces====
* [[Norteños]] and [[Norteñas]] of California

====Criminal Activities====
